DOC Add session-manager to changelog (#10042)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.9.0.md

- [Features and enhancements](#features-and-enhancements)
    - [Image lazy loading](#image-lazy-loading)

>     - [Session manager added to silverstripe/recipe-cms](#session-manager)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Manage your CMS sessions across devices](#session-manager)
```

Author: Updated

CMS authors can disable lazy loading on images added via the WYSIWYG editor in the "Edit image" panel by setting the new "Loading" field to "Eager".

### Session manager added to silverstripe/recipe-cms {#session-manager}

> The [session manager module](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-session-manager) is a new security focused module which shows the currently authenticated sessions for the current user. This new module has been added to `silverstripe/recipe-cms` which itself is a requirement of `silverstripe/installer` which is the recommended way to create a new Silverstripe CMS project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [session manager module](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-session-manager) is a new security focused feature which allows a CMS user to view and manage their active sessions in the CMS. They can see the device details behind each session and have the ability to revoke these sessions. This new module has been added to `silverstripe/recipe-cms` which is the recommended method of managing Silverstripe CMS dependencies in a project.
```

Author: Updated

CMS authors can disable lazy loading on images added via the WYSIWYG editor in the "Edit image" panel by setting the new "Loading" field to "Eager".

> ### Session manager added to silverstripe/recipe-cms {#session-manager}

Reviewer: This is a headline feature ... seems like we should have something punchy that sells it a bit more.

```suggestion
### Manage your CMS sessions across devices{#session-manager}
```

Author: Updated

The [session manager module](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-session-manager) is a new security focused feature which allows a CMS user to view and manage their active sessions in the CMS within the "My profile" section of the CMS (/admin/myprofile). They can see the device details behind each session and have the ability to revoke these sessions. This new module has been added to `silverstripe/recipe-cms` which is the recommended method of managing Silverstripe CMS dependencies in a project.

> Existing projects that have `silverstripe/recipe-cms` as a requirement in `composer.json` will automatically install `silverstripe/session-manager` when they run `composer update`. If your project does not use `silverstripe/recipe-cms` it's recommended that you consider requiring `silverstripe/session-manager` in your project as a security enhancement. The session manager module requires no configuration and works out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that have `silverstripe/recipe-cms` as a requirement in their `composer.json` will automatically get `silverstripe/session-manager` when you run `composer update`. If your project does not use `silverstripe/recipe-cms`, it's recommended that you require `silverstripe/session-manager` in your composer file as a security enhancement. The session manager module requires no configuration and works out-of-the-box.
```

Author: Updated

If your site has the [symbiote/silverstripe-queuedjobs](https://github.com/symbiote/silverstripe-queuedjobs) module installed, then a job will automatically be created that will periodically remove old database records created by the session manager module.

> There's more information aimed at CMS users available on the [userhelp website](https://userhelp.silverstripe.org/en/4/managing_your_website/session_manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMS users can review the [Session Manager user help](https://userhelp.silverstripe.org/en/4/managing_your_website/session_manager/) for more information on managing their sessions.
```

Author: Updated
